Battle Room Server

Pair up connections to this server and play battleships. The protocol for
interacting with the server is lines of text separated by carriage returns.
Any line starting with a space (to or from the server) is ignored.

Lines are space-separated words.  Generic responses from the server are:
- "ok ..." which is the word ok, followed by some descriptive text.
- "error ..." which is the word error, followed by some descriptive text.

Each command (described below) can have its own additional responses.

The battleships board is a 10x10 board, that can be addressed using two
character strings of the form xn, where x is a character from "a"-"j", and
n is a digit 0-9.  For example, a0, c9, j2.

The ships in battleships are as follows:
- aircraftcarrier: 5 long
- battleship:      4 long
- submarine:       3 long
- cruiser:         3 long
- destroyer:       2 long

When sending ship names to the server, only the first character is used and
the remainder of the ship name is ignored.

Finally, when it is time for your FIRST move, the server will send "go".
After that, the expectation is that users will take turns shooting.

autodump

    Automatically dump the board after each move.  This is
    intended for interactive use

    for example "autodump"

dump

    Display the current board, both your board and your view of the
    opponent's board.  Each line begins with a space, and thus should
    be ignored by any client software

id

    Provide and ID used to record results
    - id [id]

    for example "id Mickey Mouse"

place

    Place a ship on the board.  the syntax is:
    - place [ship] [location] [horizontal/vertical]

    for example "place battleship a2 horizontal"
    (this can be shortened to "place b a2 h")

    On success, this command returns "ok".

    The server will not accept moves until all ships have
    been successfully placed.  Once all ships have been placed,
    by both players, the server will additionally return "go"
    to the player whose turn it is.

shoot

    Shoot at a square.
    - id [location]

    for example "shoot a1"

    This will return one of:
    - hit
    - miss
    - sunk
    - won


